riscv64-unknown-elf-gcc -O0 -ggdb -nostdlib -march=rv32i -mabi=ilp32 -Wl,-Tm.ld m.s

    Optimization Options
        These options control various sorts of optimizations.

        Without any optimization option, the compiler's goal is to reduce the cost of compilation and to make debugging produce the expected results.  Statements are
        independent: if you stop the program with a breakpoint between statements, you can then assign a new value to any variable or change the program counter to any
        other statement in the function and get exactly the results you expect from the source code.

        Turning on optimization flags makes the compiler attempt to improve the performance and/or code size at the expense of compilation time and possibly the ability to
        debug the program.

        The compiler performs optimization based on the knowledge it has of the program.  Compiling multiple files at once to a single output file mode allows the compiler
        to use information gained from all of the files when compiling each of them.

        Not all optimizations are controlled directly by a flag.  Only optimizations that have a flag are listed in this section.

        Most optimizations are completely disabled at -O0 or if an -O level is not set on the command line, even if individual optimization flags are specified.
        Similarly, -Og suppresses many optimization passes.

        Depending on the target and how GCC was configured, a slightly different set of optimizations may be enabled at each -O level than those listed here.  You can
        invoke GCC with -Q --help=optimizers to find out the exact set of optimizations that are enabled at each level.

        -O

        -O0 Reduce compilation time and make debugging produce the expected results.  This is the default.

    Debugging Options
        -ggdb
            Produce debugging information for use by GDB.  This means to use the most expressive format available (DWARF, stabs, or the native format if neither of those
            are supported), including GDB extensions if at all possible.

    Machine-Dependent Options
        RISC-V Options
            -march=name
                Specify the name of the target architecture and, optionally, one or more feature modifiers.  This option has the form -march=arch{+[no]feature}*.

                The table below summarizes the permissible values for arch and the features that they enable by default:

                arch value : Architecture : Includes by default
                armv8-a : Armv8-A : +fp, +simd
                armv8.1-a : Armv8.1-A : armv8-a, +crc, +lse, +rdma
                armv8.2-a : Armv8.2-A : armv8.1-a
                armv8.3-a : Armv8.3-A : armv8.2-a
                armv8.4-a : Armv8.4-A : armv8.3-a, +fp16fml, +dotprod
                armv8.5-a : Armv8.5-A : armv8.4-a, +sb, +ssbs, +predres
                armv8.6-a : Armv8.6-A : armv8.5-a, +bf16, +i8mm

                The value native is available on native AArch64 GNU/Linux and causes the compiler to pick the architecture of the host system.  This option has no effect if
                the compiler is unable to recognize the architecture of the host system,

                The permissible values for feature are listed in the sub-section on aarch64-feature-modifiers,,-march and -mcpu Feature Modifiers.  Where conflicting feature
                modifiers are specified, the right-most feature is used.

                GCC uses name to determine what kind of instructions it can emit when generating assembly code.  If -march is specified without either of -mtune or -mcpu also
                being specified, the code is tuned to perform well across a range of target processors implementing the target architecture.

            -mabi=ABI-string
                Specify integer and floating-point calling convention.  ABI-string contains two parts: the size of integer types and the registers used for floating-point
                types.  For example -march=rv64ifd -mabi=lp64d means that long and pointers are 64-bit (implicitly defining int to be 32-bit), and that floating-point values
                up to 64 bits wide are passed in F registers.  Contrast this with -march=rv64ifd -mabi=lp64f, which still allows the compiler to generate code that uses the F
                and D extensions but only allows floating-point values up to 32 bits long to be passed in registers; or -march=rv64ifd -mabi=lp64, in which no floating-point
                arguments will be passed in registers.

                The default for this argument is system dependent, users who want a specific calling convention should specify one explicitly.  The valid calling conventions
                are: ilp32, ilp32f, ilp32d, lp64, lp64f, and lp64d.  Some calling conventions are impossible to implement on some ISAs: for example, -march=rv32if -mabi=ilp32d
                is invalid because the ABI requires 64-bit values be passed in F registers, but F registers are only 32 bits wide.  There is also the ilp32e ABI that can only

    Linker Options
        -nostdlib
           Do not use the standard system startup files or libraries when linking.  No startup files and only the libraries you specify are passed to the linker, and
           options specifying linkage of the system libraries, such as -static-libgcc or -shared-libgcc, are ignored.

           The compiler may generate calls to "memcmp", "memset", "memcpy" and "memmove".  These entries are usually resolved by entries in libc.  These entry points
           should be supplied through some other mechanism when this option is specified.

           One of the standard libraries bypassed by -nostdlib and -nodefaultlibs is libgcc.a, a library of internal subroutines which GCC uses to overcome shortcomings
           of particular machines, or special needs for some languages.

           In most cases, you need libgcc.a even when you want to avoid other standard libraries.  In other words, when you specify -nostdlib or -nodefaultlibs you should
           usually specify -lgcc as well.  This ensures that you have no unresolved references to internal GCC library subroutines.  (An example of such an internal
           subroutine is "__main", used to ensure C++ constructors are called.)
    
        -Wl,option
           Pass option as an option to the linker.  If option contains commas, it is split into multiple options at the commas.  You can use this syntax to pass an
           argument to the option.  For example, -Wl,-Map,output.map passes -Map output.map to the linker.  When using the GNU linker, you can also get the same effect
           with -Wl,-Map=output.map.
        
        -T script
           Use script as the linker script.  This option is supported by most systems using the GNU linker.  On some targets, such as bare-board targets without an
           operating system, the -T option may be required when linking to avoid references to undefined symbols.
